## Advance Python

** Static Method **
Static methods, as the name suggests, are not bound to either the class or its instances. They are defined using the @staticmethod decorator and do not take a reference to the instance or the class as their first parameter. Static methods are essentially regular functions within the class namespace and are useful for tasks that do not depend on instance-specific or class-specific data.Static methods, as the name suggests, are not bound to either the class or its instances. They are defined using the @staticmethod decorator and do not take a reference to the instance or the class as their first parameter. Static methods are essentially regular functions within the class namespace and are useful for tasks that do not depend on instance-specific or class-specific data.Static methods, as the name suggests, are not bound to either the class or its instances. They are defined using the @staticmethod decorator and do not take a reference to the instance or the class as their first parameter. Static methods are essentially regular functions within the class namespace and are useful for tasks that do not depend on instance-specific or class-specific data.Static methods, as the name suggests, are not bound to either the class or its instances. They are defined using the @staticmethod decorator and do not take a reference to the instance or the class as their first parameter. Static methods are essentially regular functions within the class namespace and are useful for tasks that do not depend on instance-specific or class-specific data.Static methods, as the name suggests, are not bound to either the class or its instances. They are defined using the @staticmethod decorator and do not take a reference to the instance or the class as their first parameter. Static methods are essentially regular functions within the class namespace and are useful for tasks that do not depend on instance-specific or class-specific data.
